chore: further tuning the README for Alpha release (#33)
Jigsaw-Code/outline-internal-sdk: README.md

> # Outline SDK (Alpha)

Reviewer: I think it’s helpful to have an indication of the stage in the title

Author: added `(Alpha)` back

<img src="https://github.com/Jigsaw-Code/outline-brand/blob/main/assets/powered_by_outline/color/logo.png?raw=true" width=400pt />
</p>

> ⚠️ **Warning**: This code is in early stages and is not guaranteed to be stable. If you are

> > interested in integrating with it, we'd love your feedback.

Reviewer: How does one give us feedback?

Author: Maybe via this GitHub repository?

Reviewer 2: If we want them to log issues with feedback and suggestions, we could link to here: https://github.com/Jigsaw-Code/outline-internal-sdk/issues/new
Note that we don't have template set up for this repo yet so it might be a free-for-all, but we can do that in the coming weeks to have some structure for feature requests, bugs, and general feedback

Author: Added the link to the doc,

The Outline SDK allows you to:
- Create tools to protect against network-level interference
- Add network-level interference protection to existing apps, such as content or communication apps

## Advantages

| Multi-Platform | Proven Technology | Composable |
|:-:|:-:|:-:|
| The Outline SDK can be used to build tools that run on Android, iOS, Windows, macOS and Linux. | The Outline Client and Server have been using the code in the SDK for years, helping millions of users access the internet in even the harshest conditions. | The SDK interfaces were carefully designed to allow for composition and reuse, so you can craft your own transport. |

## Integration

The Outline SDK is written in Go. There are multiple ways to integrate the Outline SDK into your app:

> - As a **Go library** ([reference](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/Jigsaw-Code/outline-internal-sdk)), for example, in a Go application (CLI or graphical app with frameworks like [Fyne.io](https://fyne.io/), [Wails](https://wails.io/), [Qt for Go](https://therecipe.github.io/qt/), or [Go Mobile app](https://pkg.go.dev/golang.org/x/mobile/app))

Reviewer 2: I don't see "for example" in the doc version

Reviewer 2: But I'm fine with it if there's a reason it's there

> - As a **Go library** ([reference](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/Jigsaw-Code/outline-internal-sdk)), for example, in a Go application (CLI or graphical app with frameworks like [Fyne.io](https://fyne.io/), [Wails](https://wails.io/), [Qt for Go](https://therecipe.github.io/qt/), or [Go Mobile app](https://pkg.go.dev/golang.org/x/mobile/app))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- As a **Go library** ([reference](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/Jigsaw-Code/outline-internal-sdk)) in a Go application (CLI or graphical app with frameworks like [Fyne.io](https://fyne.io/), [Wails](https://wails.io/), [Qt for Go](https://therecipe.github.io/qt/), or [Go Mobile app](https://pkg.go.dev/golang.org/x/mobile/app))
```

### Beta

> The goal of the Beta release is to make the SDK available for broader consumption, after the APIs are stable and we have all supporting resources in place (website, documentation, examples, and so on)

Reviewer: Beta doesn’t mean the API is stable. It means we don’t expect major changes.

Reviewer 2: Suggested a change for now, and we can revisit exact phrasing with Hilary once she's back

> The goal of the Beta release is to make the SDK available for broader consumption, after the APIs are stable and we have all supporting resources in place (website, documentation, examples, and so on)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The goal of the Beta release is to make the SDK available for broader consumption, once we no longer expect major changes to the APIs and we have all supporting resources in place (website, documentation, examples, and so on).
```
